[Autogenerated] Now that you've discussed about the
concept behind the dot immigration strategy,
let's look at how we can implement it in a spring application.
Since manual migrations are not an option, we're left with two choices.
We can either create our own migration framework or components horn.
We can use an existing framework.
They both have frozen cause, so let's explore them.
I heard it in the demo.
I have used the command line runners as a way to see data.
I call this the poor man's migration component.
I created the class I injected a mongo template and
implemented a commander runner interface.
This ensure me that each time this spring application began,
then this run method here would execute before the application started.
This approach got the job done,
but it's a pretty simplistic migration to because it
leaves us with a lot of questions.
For example,
Hyung's our migration component going to skill when we have to do plenty of
changes when you have ah lot of changes accumulated over time,
then how will we execute on Lee the needed migrations based on the difference
between the application version and the database version?
Even more,
how are we going to keep track off the application that
Abbas versions in the first place?
These are all questions that you need to think about when
you're building your own migration component.
Now I'm not saying you should not do this.
There are plenty of scenarios when creating your own tooling is beneficial.
But keep in mind that implementing a migration framework is not trivial.
So take your time and do it right together.
Approach is to use a framework.
When you's a framework, you save a lot of time, which is a good thing.
He also increase focus on your application domain, which is another good thing.
However, it's not under your control, so you might lose some flexibility now,
depending on your application requirements,
you can go with either one off these approaches.
However, for the rest of his model, I'm going to be using a library called Mongo.
Being this is a tool which helps you to manage changes your mongo
database and to synchronize them with your application.
If you come from motivational background and you
used the liquid base or fly away, that Monk Obey will feel very,
very familiar.
Let's find out how to use his library in a spring application.
We have to goto upon the XML file and declare it as a dependency.
The artifact ideas Mongol be the group.
Ideas come down, Give her abdomen, Gabi and the current version is 0.13.
Step number two is configuring the Mongol B B.
We can do that by creating a method annotating get with the ad bean
annotation and placing it in a configuration class.
We create a new Mongol be runner, and we pass in the Mongol your eye.
That's the first step.
Then we can set some additional properties on Armando Be Runner, for example.
We can enable it using the set enabled method.
Then we can change the packages in which Manco be
will scan for that immigrations.
His case is going to scan for all the classes in the Pearl site package.
Then we can set the mongo template.
This will make the Monkey Temple available in the migration
classes and finally returned rather and less banal is we can
create a data migration class.
The Mongol bit terminology is that it will be different.
Mongo be has changed logs and change sets.
A cheese log is a class which contains a bunch off
migration operations called Jane Sets.
So we have a change log and then a change that can
contain one or more change sets.
Change logs and chain sets are both order.
In this example,
we're creating a new class called the D B Change Log 001
This glasses annotated with at change lock,
and he has the order of 001 So it's the first change lock
that's going to get executive by the framework.
Then we have a method called seed crew members,
which receives Mongo template as a parameter.
Remember that Toby included Mongo template,
and we made it available when reconfigured a Mangal brother.
This method is annotated with that chain set,
The order of this chain said, is 001 We can also passing an I D and offer off.
This chain said this class can contain many more chances.
You can specify the order using the chance of sanitation and,
of course, can create an additional change log.
In this case,
this change lock will have another of 002 and it has a single change,
said called Update National Ideas for All of our crew members.
This is going to be executed after the first change log.
This is happening because of the order property on the cheap ____ annotation.
I think it's worth mentioning that Mongo be supports
automatic database version detection,
which means that if your application is granted version 10 and your
database at version five release example over here,
then the framework is goingto execute migrations from 6 to 10 automatically.
It won't exactly migrations for a month of five,
because the frame of knows it doesn't have to, and this is a pretty cool feature have in any migration framework.